Add support for AKS private link (#5161)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `id` - The ID of the Kubernetes Managed Cluster.

* `api_server_authorized_ip_ranges` - The IP ranges to whitelist for incoming traffic to the masters.

> -> **NOTE:** `api_server_authorized_ip_ranges` Is currently in Preview on an opt-in basis. To use it, enable feature `APIServerSecurityPreview` for `namespace Microsoft.ContainerService`. For an example of how to enable a Preview feature, please visit [How to enable the Azure Firewall Public Preview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/firewall/public-preview)

Reviewer: this is a (read-only) Data Source, so this probably doesn't need the disclaimer here:

```suggestion
```

Author: Resolved in new commit

Reviewer: mind double-checking that? it's still showing the original commit here?

* `fqdn` - The FQDN of the Azure Kubernetes Managed Cluster.

> * `private_fqdn` - The FQDN when private link has been enabled, this name is only resolvable inside the AKS vnet. 

Reviewer: could we spell this out so it's clearer:

```suggestion
* `private_fqdn` - The FQDN of this Kubernetes Cluster when private link has been enabled. This name is only resolvable inside the Virtual Network where the Azure Kubernetes Service is located.
```

Author: Resolved in new commit

* `kubernetes_version` - The version of Kubernetes used on the managed Kubernetes Cluster.

> * `private_link_enabled` - If private IP address for k8s API is enabled through private link.

Reviewer: since this is a boolean value - could we rephrase this slightly:

```suggestion
* `private_link_enabled` - Does this Kubernetes Cluster have the Kubernetes API exposed via Private Link?
```

Author: Resolved in new commit
